Create target test (#1059)
plone/buildout.coredev: README-make.md

### Run tests

> Use the `make test` target to run unit tests for a package:
> 
> ```bash
> # Run all unit tests for a package (package is required)
> make test package=plone.namedfile
> 
> # Run a specific test
> make test package=plone.namedfile test=test_scaling

Reviewer: Use generic shell syntax highlighter, don't use comments for instructions because they are low contrast in the rendered code block, and make it easier to copy-paste a single command.

````suggestion
Use the `make test` target to run unit tests for a package.

For example, run all unit tests for a given package.

```shell
make test package=plone.namedfile
```

Run a specific test in the given package.

```shell
make test package=plone.namedfile test=test_scaling
````

Author: @stevepiercy We need to specify somewhere that the `package` parameter is required.

Reviewer: @wesleybl that's what line 135 does.

Author: Line 135 describes how to run only one test from a given package.

What I'm trying to say is that it's not possible to execute the command:

`make test`

it's necessary to pass the package:

`make test package=plone.namedfile`

See: https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/pull/1059/files#diff-35b89ef65700ec4da068cc82250d658677a5aaabec8b91e21d0d3e69987c949fR130

Reviewer: I still don't understand what you mean. Line 135 mentions "the given package", and is followed by line 138, which has the `package` parameter.

Author: Line 135 says "the given package," but it doesn't make it clear that this package is required in `make test`. Someone reading this might think it's just an example of running a specific test on a package. And they might try running `make test` thinking it will run all the tests from all the packages. But that won't work.

See: https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/pull/1059/files#diff-b2d64a693b39f5304b8f4cfed833e1e499f264e78c5735da98c2d3eb79112777R61

See @davisagli 's https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/pull/1059#pullrequestreview-3520219716. It might clarify what I'm trying to say.

Reviewer: @wesleybl let's see whether the package parameter can be optional, and I'll modify this accordingly with a sentence stating whether it's required.

Author: @stevepiercy as @davisagli  said here https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/pull/1059#issuecomment-3591002304, we already have a script that runs all the tests. So I think we can leave the `package` parameter required for now.

Reviewer 2: @wesleybl But the run-tests.sh script says it is supposed to be run using `make test`, and that made me realize you are adding a new `test` target even though there is already one: https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/blob/6.2/Makefile#L468

Author: Hmm, in version 6.1 it doesn't exist: https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/blob/6.1/Makefile

Reviewer 2: I see, it was added in https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/pull/1020

It would be nice to have it for both 6.1 and 6.2, with the same implementation in both, and improve it to have a way to optionally run the tests for only one package.

Author: It seems the target already accepts individual packages and tests:

https://github.com/plone/buildout.coredev/blob/6.2/Makefile#L468

I'll test it later.

Author: I checked and actually the target in branch 6.2 doesn't support running only the tests from a specific package.

```

The target automatically detects the correct path for:

> - Packages in development with modern layout (`src/package/src/`)
> - Packages in development with legacy layout (`src/package/`)
> - Packages installed in the virtual environment

Reviewer: No need to capitalize a list item when it is not a sentence.

```suggestion
-   packages in development with modern layout (`src/package/src/`)
-   packages in development with legacy layout (`src/package/`)
-   packages installed in the virtual environment
```

You can also run tests directly with `zope-testrunner`:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````
